    Success means different things for different people. Some may equate it with fame, some with wealth
and still some with accompublishments. For me, it means fulfilling one's dreams. Whatever your dreams are,
you have a goal on it and then focus all your attention on it.
    Dreams bring you hope and happiness. In the process of struggling for it, you cry,sweat,complain or 
even curse, but the joy of harvesting makes you forget all the pains and troubles you have gone through.
So an old proverb says that the sweetest fruit is one that has undergone the bitterest ordeal.
    There are several keys to success. First, your goal must be practical and practicable, if you set your 
goal too high, chances are that you will never attain it. Next, you have to make a plan of doing it. You can
take some steps to realize it. Since the process is quite tough, you need to be diligent, patient and perserving.
    Even if you meet with some difficulties or frustrations, just take them in your stride. You can always tell 
yourself that there is nothing insurmountable. With this will and determination, success is sure to wait for you 
at the end of the tunnel!

1. xx对不同的人有不同的意义
    XX means diffent things for different people
2. 把xx等同于xx:equate sth with sth
   把xx视作xx:vegard sth as sth
3. 英语应当尽量避免重复的句子和单词，为了避免重复通常用这几种方法
    1. 省略 2. 代词   3. 用不同的单词或者表达方式
4. wealth: 财富  accompublishments:成就
5. xx的感觉：sense of responbility责任感
6. 实现xx的梦想
    fulfilling one's dreams
    realize one's dreams
    achieve one's dreams
    make one's dreams come true
7. 全力以赴的
    focus all attention on 
    spare on effort to do /in doing sth
8. 努力的，挣扎的:struggle for
   流汗:sweat   轻松的:no sweat/a piece of cake
   咒骂:curse
9. go through / be through  经历
    同甘共苦: go throuth thick and thin
   harvesting 收获
   proverb 谚语
10. the sweetest fruit is one that has undergone the bitterest ordeal
    最甜蜜的果实是经历一段最痛苦的旅程 ----> 不经历风雨怎么见彩虹
11. SMART
    Specific 具体的 Measurable 可衡量的
    Attainable可实现的   Relevant 有关联的  Time-bound时效性的
12. practical 现实的 practicable 可实现的
13. tough 困难的 diligent/hard-working 勤奋的 perservering 持久的坚持的
14. frustration 令人沮丧的东西
    take sth in sb's stride 让某人在某事上淡然处之
    make strides in 在什么方面取得进步
    insurmountable 不可逾越的
    will 意志
    tunnel 隧道